[actions] Adds a info box describing invalid property or trait values (#6749)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/actions.md

    You can specify nested properties using dot notation, for example `context.app.name`. If the property might appear in more than one format or location, you can use an ANY statement and add conditions for each of those formats. For example, you might filter for both `context.device.type = ios`  as well as `context.os.name = "iPhone OS``"`
    The `does` `not exist` operator matches both a `null` value or a missing property.
{% comment %}

> > info "Valid Property and Trait Values"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "Valid property and trait values"
```

> > Property or trait names must begin with the characters: [a-z], [A-Z] or '_'. Special characters are unsupported and will trigger an error if entered.

Reviewer: What error do you get if your property or trait name has a special character in it? 

```suggestion
> Property and trait names must begin with the characters [a-z], [A-Z] or '_'. Property and trait names don't support special characters. If you save a property or trait with a special character in the name, you'll get an XYZ error. 
```
